Different Authentication Methods on Zones (#40)
emqx/eip: active/0012-zone-based-auth.md

# Authentication based on Zone

## Changelog

## Abstract

> We can define multiple zones with multiple authentication stack on emqx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be possible to define multiple zones with different authentication stacks on emqx.
```

## Motivation

> We have two types of clients, one of them connects using external network and needs to be authenticated by http

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have two types of clients, one of them connects through an external network and needs to be authenticated by http,
```

but another group connects using an internal network and we need only jwt authentication for them.

## Design

## Configuration Changes

> There should be zone specific list of authentications.

Reviewer: Could you clarify what the configuration should look like? In 5.0 we'll have the following hierarchy: 
```hocon
authorization:{
    rules: [
    ]
}
...
zone.x {
  a: {b:1, c: 1}
  listeners.y {
     a: {b: 2}
   }
}
```
Should we use `authentication` subtree as a default, with the possibility of adding zone-specific overrides?

Author: Yes, exactly. we can have exact same subtree under any zone.

Reviewer: Could you please add the example config to the EIP?

Author: Yes, sure I will add it now.

Author: I have update it based on [emqx_authz](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/tree/master/apps/emqx_authz). Also, the new configuration is really great but I didn't have a chance to use it.

Reviewer: Thanks, now the EIP looks clear to me.
